
Gather the information
----------------------
The following bits of information are necessary. You may
just insert it here when replying to this posting. If you
have several working devices or a dedicated CD-ROM for
grabbing include the information for all of your devices
by duplicating the template below.


1. The name of your writer as used in advertising.

    Your writers name: ASUS 4816A

2. The features of your writer/CD-ROM. Use the following command to
    capture the information (be sure to adapt the dev=... setting) in a
    temporary file.

            'cdrecord dev=x,y,z -prcap > out.txt'
Version        : 2
Response Format: 2
Capabilities   :
Vendor_info    : 'ASUS    '
Identifikation : 'CRW-4816A       '
Revision       : '1.13'
Device seems to be: Generic mmc CD-RW.

Drive capabilities, per MMC-3 page 2A:

  Does read CD-R media
  Does write CD-R media
  Does read CD-RW media
  Does write CD-RW media
  Does not read DVD-ROM media
  Does not read DVD-R media
  Does not write DVD-R media
  Does not read DVD-RAM media
  Does not write DVD-RAM media
  Does support test writing

  Does read Mode 2 Form 1 blocks
  Does read Mode 2 Form 2 blocks
  Does read digital audio blocks
  Does restart non-streamed digital audio reads accurately
  Does support Buffer-Underrun-Free recording
  Does read multi-session CDs
  Does read fixed-packet CD media using Method 2
  Does not read CD bar code
  Does read R-W subcode information
  Does not return R-W subcode de-interleaved and error-corrected
  Does read raw P-W subcode data from lead in
  Does return CD media catalog number
  Does return CD ISRC information
  Does support C2 error pointers
  Does not deliver composite A/V data

  Does play audio CDs
  Number of volume control levels: 255
  Does support individual volume control setting for each channel
  Does support independent mute setting for each channel
  Does not support digital output on port 1
  Does not support digital output on port 2

  Loading mechanism type: tray
  Does support ejection of CD via START/STOP command
  Does not lock media on power up via prevent jumper
  Does allow media to be locked in the drive via PREVENT/ALLOW command
  Is not currently in a media-locked state
  Does not support changing side of disk
  Does not have load-empty-slot-in-changer feature
  Does not support Individual Disk Present feature

  Maximum read  speed:  5645 kB/s (CD  32x, DVD  4x)
  Current read  speed:  2823 kB/s (CD  16x, DVD  2x)
  Maximum write speed:  1764 kB/s (CD  10x, DVD  1x)
  Current write speed:  1764 kB/s (CD  10x, DVD  1x)
  Rotational control selected: CLV/PCAV
  Buffer size in KB: 2048
  Copy management revision supported: 0
  Number of supported write speeds: 0

3. Does your writer support buffer underrun protection
    (burnproof/burnsave/just-link/...)?

Yes

4. Does your writer need the 'Sony multisession fix'?
    (Setting on the General page 2)
No

5. Additional needed options for cdrecord when writing audio CDs
    (if any).
No

6. Additional needed options for cdrecord when writing data CDs (if any).

No

7. Writer or driver selection when using cdrdao. (cdrdao/2 page 1)

    Example: (driver) cdd2600, AOPEN CRW9624

    Your driver: Generic MMC


8. Additional options for cdrdao (if any). (cdrdao/2 page 1)

No

9. Are you using cdrdao.exe coming with CD-Creator? If no please
    specify the release you're using.

Yes

10. If you use different settings for 1:1 copy (source) please specify
     them here. Include everything you find on that page and the cdrdao
     release you're using. (cdrdao/2 page 2)


11. If you use different settings for 1:1 copy (target) please specify
     them here. Include everything you find on that page and the cdrdao
     release you're using. (cdrdao/2 page 3)


12. If you use mpg123 or MMIOMP3 for MP3 decoding, do you have to specify
     'Swap bytes when writing'? (MP3 decoding page)

Haven't used yet.

-------------------
Chris, 

Hope this helps. I really appreciate your work in ADC. I use it regularly and
it works very well for me.

One note: I have to use the -U option in Mkisofs when doing a data backup
otherwise it sometimes changes some things in the file names. It burned me
once until I figured out what happened. Some of the OS/2 file names use
"underlines" and without the -U option they get changed to a "dash". That can
cause some strange problems to say the least. You might want to mention that
option in setup.

Cliff

